what's up guys welcome to another
episode of my legendary weapon guide for
Borderlands the pre-sequel in this
episode we'll be going over legendary
iperion sniper rifle known as the Omni
cannon to get this weapon love to go to
the subconscious and accept the mission
temple of boom from Tanis the fish Tanis
is a fish by accepting this class to
unlock the boss spunks was it canceled
drop down be Canyon itself the Omni
cannon will never spawn an element
technically an element will never be
listed on the weapon card but it'll
always come an explosive which isn't
technically an element but I digress the
weapon can also be fired in full auto
mode at rate it has in common with its
legendary iperion sniper counterpart the
invader the fire rate is rather slow
hovers so the full out of fire isn't
anything to write home about unless you
have a way to boost up your fiery and
there are multiple being a sniper
characters like Nita and orillia can use
it the great effect anita's damage
bonuses and action skill allow you to
easily get off multiple high damage
critical hits on targets with a minimal
chance of missing as for really a sniper
skill tree interaction skills ability to
freeze enemies without having to switch
weapons allows her to get off massive
head damage as well but even though
their bonuses greatly add to the omni
Kings potential they can also add to
almost any other snipers potential even
more using the Omni kitten will more
often than not be a waste of a weapon
slot you can practically use any other
sniper and have it do a better job
however there is one character that
synergizes better with this weapon than
ending up the sniper rifle and that's
claptrap claptraps boom trap tree works
wonders with the Omni cannon since the
Omni cannon isn't technically an
explosive weapon since it isn't listed
on the card it still gains the bonus
from claptraps coincidental combustion
skill which adds bonus explosive damage
than non explosive weapons also skills
like loading splode and one last thing
synergize with the weapon just as well
loudoun splode can add up to one hundred
percent bonus explosive damage of all
five stacks are present and one lasting
will give a four hundred percent damage
bonus on the final round keep in mind
however that the minimum requirement for
the full bonus is to have a magazine
size of eight and the Omni cannon only
normally has six
so to get the full bonus you'll have to
boost your magazine size up one thing
worth mentioning is that the
coincidental combustion scale has
against the proc along with the one
lasting skill allowing you to deal huge
bonus damage on the final round as for
the other three characters I don't
recommend using this weapon at all adina
doesn't fit the sniping play style and
if any snipers to be used on her it
should be a higher rate of fire
elemental sniper not to mention there
are so many better options for her and
her play style as for Wilhelm and Jack
even though the weapon can be used to
decent effect on them it isn't really
worth running over any other weapon if
you really want to use a sniper on them
there are much better choices clap clap
is frankly the only character who can do
something unique with a weapon and on
any other character it is more of a
handicap than anything else hyperion
snipers in general are rather lackluster
and should really only be used if it's
your only option the other brands just
make such better sniper rifles that
picking up any Hyperion one is just a
waste as far as legendaries go I
wouldn't rank this one very high and I
wouldn't recommend spending the time to
go farm for it unless you're a claptrap
player if you want a good legendary
sniper rifle go pick up a long nail or
if you don't care about the rarity a
purple or glitch Mally want sniper with
a mounting one barrel or Vlad off sniper
with Vlad off barrel are great choices
as well and aren't very hard to come
across and that's pretty much like guys
I want to thank you all for watching I
very much appreciate it now I'm going to
see you guys Lea's by what's up again
guys in case you didn't already know
there are two other legendary weapons
you can get your hands on inside the
subconscious one being the Thunder fire
and another being the Megan aid see the
legendary weapon guides for those
weapons go ahead and click on their
annotations on screen right now and
thanks again for watching I'm going to
see you guys later